# Graduation-project
This project is about the undergraduate thesis, the main idea is about route allocation algorithm.

Graduation project is a traffic engineering scheme that routes traffic from one node to another. This codebase also includes a simulation data that we use to test this project, as well as implementations of other traffice engineering algorithms in python.

If you want to use this code, you should first install some python standard library.

## Getting started
** Quick start: **

1. Install python
2. Install Gurobi (https://www.gurobi.com/)
   You should install Gurobi and apply for license so that you can use it on your computer

## Data ##
All data used for this project is in the data folder.Each folder contains a topology. A topology must include 3 files.
1. nodes.txt
   A list of string nodenames
2. topology.txt
   A list of rows containing edges with a source, destination, capacity, and probability of failure.
3. demand.txt
   A set of demands in matrix form or list form.
4. B4-FFC-3-1.txt
   A list of the solution of topology B4 at arithmetic FFC with K-shortest path 3 and can bear 1 failure. The solution is about bf and Aft.

## Graph ##
All graph is generated by topology and data in graph file.

## Arithmetic ##
All arithmetic include in the file "Arithmetic". Including FFC, TEAVAR, TECommon and etc. And lp file is about the modules.

## TestHTTP ##
File TestHTTP is about a Django frame to achieve front-end show

其中，
availability.py用于计算网络链路的可用性
KshortestPaths.py用于找到前k条最短路径
parsers.py用于解析和读取文件，生成算法所需的格式
SimulationData.py用于生成测试数据，用于之后的测试
TestArithmetic.py用于测试每种算法，并将结果输出到data中的文件中
utilization.py用于计算链路的可用性，并绘制成柱状图
